# Week 10 Assignment

## Jackson Wagner

I think Responsive Web Design makes a lot of sense, especially when looking at how quickly technology is moving and how important it is for websites to be mobile friendly these days. I work at the Montana Kaimin, and a couple years ago we had the worst mobile website ever and it severely effected web traffic. Now our site has RWD elements, and it is much easier to read on a mobile device.

To answer some of the questions listed on the homework wiki, I think RWD is something that everyone should be using. I liked what they said in the homework about always starting out your website so that it will look good and be responsive on a mobile or smaller device. This just makes practical sense, start small and work your way up to what people use less-and-less frequently. Flex boxes are super important to this. Just thinking as far as what a news site would look like, we have a lot of different sections on the website. If we put each of these into a flex box, we can sort things no matter the size. For example if we put news, sports, opinion, culture and photo into their own boxes each, we might be able to see all of these things on the mainpage of a large sceen. As we shrink the screen, the flex box can help us sort these columns into rows that we scroll down on, so it keeps the page looking clean.

For a news site, the primary thing that I want to catch the users eye is the photo of my main story. We can do this by making sure the flex box that has the most recent stories, or the ones I want users to see, at the top of the page. Some secondary columns we could include would be other featured stories or different sections. One thing on our actual site that I like is the inclusion of our Twitter timeline on the side of the site. This is secondary content, but it can provide a cool resource for users that have already looked through some of our stories.
